annot: Slices stick pepperoni into thin round pieces
ACTID: 0
PRED: slice
[DOBJ, food] stick pepperoni (-1)
[PP, other, into] thin round pieces (-1)
annot: Chop bacon into small slices
ACTID: 1
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] bacon (-1)
[PP, other, into] small slices (-1)
annot: put them in a bowl
ACTID: 2
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] them (1)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add the sliced bacon to a frying pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the sliced bacon (2)
[PP, location, to] a frying pan (-1)
annot: cook thoroughly
ACTID: 4
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food]  (3)
annot: cool
ACTID: 5
PRED: cool
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: roll the pizza dough using rolling pin and sprinkling flour into a thin crust
ACTID: 6
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] the pizza dough (-1)
[PP, other, using] rolling pin (-1)
[PP, other, into] a thin crust (-1)
annot: sprinkle flour on the pizza peel
ACTID: 7
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] flour (-1)
[PP, location, on] the pizza peel (-1)
annot: place the pizza crust on it
ACTID: 8
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the pizza crust (6)
[PP, food, on] it (7)
annot: Spread a layer of pizza sauce
ACTID: 9
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] a layer of pizza sauce (-1)
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: add a layer of grated cheese
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a layer of grated cheese (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: place the sliced pepperoni
ACTID: 11
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the sliced pepperoni (0)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: put the fried bacon on top
ACTID: 12
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the fried bacon (5)
[PP, food, on] top (11)
annot: Put the pizza in the oven over pizza stone for 7 minutes at 500 degrees F
ACTID: 13
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the pizza (12)
[PP, location, in] the oven (-1)
[PP, location, over] pizza stone (-1)
[PP, other, for] 7 minutes (-1)
[PP, other, at] 500 degrees (-1)
annot: remove the pizza
ACTID: 14
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the pizza (13)
annot: cut it into pies
ACTID: 15
PRED: cut
[DOBJ,  food] it (14)
[PP, food, into] pies (-1)
annot: serve
ACTID: 16
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (15)
annot: repeat the procedure for another pizza
ACTID: 17
PRED: repeat
[DOBJ, other] the procedure (-1)
[PP, food, for] another pizza (-1)